Create postgresql-sequential-scan-check.md (#98)
percona-platform/portal-doc: docs/advisors/checks/postgresql-sequential-scan-check.md

# PostgreSQL excessive sequential scans 

## Description

> This checks for relations with excessive sequential scan vs index scans. Although the query planner will occasionally choose sequential scans  when it is more efficient than using an index ( typically low count for tuples ), this check is based on at least 50,000 live tuples in the relation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This checks for relations with excessive sequential scan vs. index scans. Although the query planner will occasionally choose sequential scans when it is more efficient than using an index (typically low count for tuples), this check is based on at least 50,000 live tuples in the relation.
```

## Resolution

> Some basic steps can be taken to help with this problem. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, follow the steps below:
```

> - First of all, make sure the relations are analyzed regularly.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure that the relations are analyzed regularly.  
```

> - Check pg_stat_user_tables for statistics about vacuums and analyze. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check **pg_stat_user_tables** for statistics about vacuums and analyze. 
```

> - Identify the queries using the relations noted in the check and run explain on them.  This will help identify if a relation is missing an index. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Identify the queries using the relations noted in the check, and run EXPLAIN on them. This will help identify relations with missing indexes. 
```
